	{
	  /iati-activities@version: 2.03
	  "/iati-activities/iati-activity@dstore:dataset": unocha-cbpf-afghanistan-allocation-2022
	  "/iati-activities/iati-activity@dstore:index": 74
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity@hierarchy: 2
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity@humanitarian: 1
	  "/iati-activities/iati-activity@iati-activities:version": 2.03
	  "/iati-activities/iati-activity@xml:lang": EN
	  "/iati-activities/iati-activity@xmlns:dstore": http://d-portal.org/xmlns/dstore
	  "/iati-activities/iati-activity@xmlns:iati-activities": http://d-portal.org/xmlns/iati-activities
	  "/iati-activities/iati-activity@xmlns:xsd": http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema
	  "/iati-activities/iati-activity@xmlns:xsi": http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/iati-identifier: XM-OCHA-CBPF-AFG-22/3481/RA3/ESNFI/INGO/23621
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/reporting-org@ref: XM-OCHA-CBPF
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/reporting-org@secondary-reporter: 0
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/reporting-org@type: 22
	  "/iati-activities/iati-activity/reporting-org/narrative@xml:lang": EN
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/reporting-org/narrative: United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs
	  "/iati-activities/iati-activity/title/narrative@xml:lang": EN
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/title/narrative:

Provision of heating assistance, blankets and winter clothing packages
to 1566 conflict affected displaced, natural disasters affected and
vulnerable host community households

	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/description@type: 2
	  "/iati-activities/iati-activity/description/narrative@xml:lang": EN
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/description/narrative:

Through the AHF 3rd Reserve Allocation, ACTED will provide lifesaving
winterization assistance to 1566 vulnerable households (as standard
household contains on average 7 members, this project will have 10,962
project participants) facing critical climatic conditions during the
Afghan winter in Badakhshan province. Due to the extremely low
temperatures during winter and the high levels of displacement and
poverty across Afghanistan, many households and communities are either
living in inadequate or makeshift shelters for the conditions or lack
financial resources to provide sufficient heating, therefore exposing
them to increased health risks such as respiratory infections,
pneumonia, and hypothermia, which can be fatal. ACTED is uniquely
positioned to provide seasonal winterization support to recent
shock-affected households as a priority. Badakhshan is susceptible to
extreme cold temperatures, high snowfall, having high numbers of people
exposed to snow, and having high gaps of people that remain in need of
winterization assistance. ACTED will aim to support recently shock
affected households, protracted displaced households, vulnerable host
communities and others with high levels of need with a cluster standard
winterization package for heating assistance, and a complementary
assistance for blankets and clothing to all 1566 project participants,
and will aim to complement existing AHF funded emergency livestock and
agricultural needs programming.

To protect the most vulnerable households that are at risk during
winter in Yawan, Jorm, Teshkan amp Shuhada districts, ACTED will
provide standard winterization heating packages, consisting of a
one-off 200 USD cash assistance (provided to 10,962 project
participants in Afghani) to cover heating materials for 3 months and a
one-off 131 distribution covering blankets and winter clothing to all
1566 project participants, ACTED will tailor the number of
beneficiaries per area based on initial assessment, but will aim to
reach between 390 and 395 households in each districts targeted.
Assistance will be provided through unconditional, unrestricted cash in
accordance with the ES/NFI cluster standards. This project will have a
direct impact on reducing protection risks associated with harmful
coping mechanisms, in IDP settlements and displacement areas.

	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/participating-org:
	  [
	    {
	      @activity-id: XM-OCHA-CBPF-AFG23-2022
	      @ref: XM-OCHA-CBPF-AFG23
	      @role: 1
	      @type: 40
	      "/narrative@xml:lang": EN
	      /narrative: Afghanistan Humanitarian Fund
	    }
	    {
	      @role: 2
	      @type: 21
	      "/narrative@xml:lang": EN
	      /narrative: Agency for Technical Cooperation and Development
	    }
	    {
	      @role: 4
	      @type: 21
	      "/narrative@xml:lang": EN
	      /narrative: Agency for Technical Cooperation and Development
	    }
	  ]
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/activity-status@code: 3
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/activity-date:
	  [
	    {
	      @iso-date: 2022-12-10
	      @type: 1
	    }
	    {
	      @iso-date: 2022-12-10
	      @type: 2
	    }
	    {
	      @iso-date: 2023-06-09
	      @type: 3
	    }
	    {
	      @iso-date: 2023-06-09
	      @type: 4
	    }
	  ]
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/contact-info:
	  [
	    {
	      "/organisation/narrative@xml:lang": EN
	      "/department/narrative@xml:lang": EN
	      "/person-name/narrative@xml:lang": EN
	      /person-name/narrative: Camille Renardet
	      "/job-title/narrative@xml:lang": EN
	      /job-title/narrative: Project Development Manager
	      /telephone: + 33 (0) 728 427 156
	      /email: Camille.renardet@acted.org
	    }
	    {
	      "/organisation/narrative@xml:lang": EN
	      "/department/narrative@xml:lang": EN
	      "/person-name/narrative@xml:lang": EN
	      /person-name/narrative: Shah Jahan Rahimi
	      "/job-title/narrative@xml:lang": EN
	      /job-title/narrative: Deputy Project Development Manager
	      /telephone: + 93 (0) 728 427 011
	      /email: Kabul.reporting@acted.org
	    }
	    {
	      "/organisation/narrative@xml:lang": EN
	      "/department/narrative@xml:lang": EN
	      "/person-name/narrative@xml:lang": EN
	      /person-name/narrative: Lucine Febel
	      "/job-title/narrative@xml:lang": EN
	      /job-title/narrative: Country Director
	      /telephone: + 93 (0) 728 427 169
	      /email: Lucine.febel@acted.org
	    }
	    {
	      "/organisation/narrative@xml:lang": EN
	      "/department/narrative@xml:lang": EN
	      "/person-name/narrative@xml:lang": EN
	      /person-name/narrative: Sayed Farooq
	      "/job-title/narrative@xml:lang": EN
	      /job-title/narrative: Deputy Country Finance Manager (finance focal point)
	      /telephone: +93 (0) 729 755 008
	      /email: sayed.farooq@acted.org
	    }
	  ]
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/activity-scope@code: 4
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/recipient-country@code: AF
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/recipient-country@percentage: 100
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/location@ref: 15
	  "/iati-activities/iati-activity/location/name/narrative@xml:lang": EN
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/location/name/narrative: Badakhshan
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/location/point@srsname: http://www.opengis.net/def/crs/EPSG/0/4326
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/location/point/pos: 36.73477250 70.81199530
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/sector:
	  [
	    {
	      @code: 4
	      @percentage: 100
	      @vocabulary: 99
	      @vocabulary-uri: https://www.humanitarianresponse.info/en/coordination/clusters
	      "/narrative@xml:lang": EN
	      /narrative: Emergency Shelter and NFI
	    }
	    {
	      @code: 43010
	      @percentage: 100
	      @vocabulary: 1
	    }
	  ]
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/collaboration-type@code: 4
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/default-flow-type@code: 10
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/default-aid-type@code: C01
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/default-aid-type@vocabulary: 1
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/default-tied-status@code: 5
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/budget:
	  [
	    {
	      @status: 2
	      @type: 1
	      /period-start@iso-date: 2022-12-10
	      /period-end@iso-date: 2022-12-31
	      /value@currency: USD
	      /value@value-date: 2023-01-13
	      /value: 81212.6
	    }
	    {
	      @status: 2
	      @type: 1
	      /period-start@iso-date: 2023-01-01
	      /period-end@iso-date: 2023-12-31
	      /value@currency: USD
	      /value@value-date: 2023-01-13
	      /value: 618762.7
	    }
	  ]
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/capital-spend@percentage: 0
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/transaction:
	  [
	    {
	      @humanitarian: 1
	      @ref: AFG23-23621
	      /transaction-type@code: 2
	      /transaction-date@iso-date: 2023-01-13
	      /value@currency: USD
	      /value@value-date: 2023-01-13
	      /value: 699975.3
	      /provider-org@provider-activity-id: XM-OCHA-CBPF-AFG23-2022
	      /provider-org@ref: XM-OCHA-CBPF-AFG23
	      /provider-org@type: 40
	      "/provider-org/narrative@xml:lang": EN
	      /provider-org/narrative: Afghanistan Humanitarian Fund
	      "/receiver-org/narrative@xml:lang": EN
	      /receiver-org/narrative: Agency for Technical Cooperation and Development
	    }
	    {
	      @humanitarian: 1
	      @ref: 3306040248
	      /transaction-type@code: 3
	      /transaction-date@iso-date: 2023-01-24
	      /value@currency: USD
	      /value@value-date: 2023-01-24
	      /value: 559980.24
	      /provider-org@provider-activity-id: XM-OCHA-CBPF-AFG23-2022
	      /provider-org@ref: XM-OCHA-CBPF-AFG23
	      /provider-org@type: 40
	      "/provider-org/narrative@xml:lang": EN
	      /provider-org/narrative: Afghanistan Humanitarian Fund
	      "/receiver-org/narrative@xml:lang": EN
	      /receiver-org/narrative: Agency for Technical Cooperation and Development
	    }
	  ]
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/document-link@format: APPLICATION/HTTP
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/document-link@url: http://pfbi.unocha.org
	  "/iati-activities/iati-activity/document-link/title/narrative@xml:lang": EN
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/document-link/title/narrative: Afghanistan BI 2022
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/document-link/category@code: B17
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/document-link/language@code: EN
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/related-activity@ref: XM-OCHA-CBPF-AFG23-2022
	  /iati-activities/iati-activity/related-activity@type: 1
	}
